src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:13:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:13:	The class 'JspFunctions' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:13:	The class 'JspFunctions' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:17:	Parameter 'dayField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:17:	Parameter 'format' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:17:	Parameter 'monthField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:17:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:17:	Parameter 'yearField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:17:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:19:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:23:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:27:	Local variable 'dateField' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:28:	Local variable 'dateParser' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:28:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:31:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '31'-'46').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:40:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:44:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:45:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:48:	Parameter 'minSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:48:	Parameter 'paddingCharacter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:48:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:50:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:54:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:57:	Local variable 'chars' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:59:	Local variable 'padding' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:64:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'date'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:64:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:64:	The method 'dateOffset' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:64:	The method 'dateOffset' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:64:	The method dateOffset() has an NPath complexity of 1404
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:66:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:70:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'positive' (lines '70'-'74').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:70:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'positive' (lines '70'-'139').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:73:	This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:74:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'positive' (lines '74'-'139').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:76:	This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:83:	Local variable 'character' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:91:	Local variable 'amountStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:94:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '94'-'139').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:99:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:104:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:106:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:141:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:144:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:148:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:148:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:148:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:152:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:152:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:152:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:156:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:156:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:161:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'offset' (lines '161'-'170').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:161:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:161:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:162:	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:164:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateStr' (lines '164'-'176').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:164:	Local variable 'dateStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:165:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'formatter' (lines '165'-'176').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:165:	Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:165:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:167:	Local variable 'offset' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:169:	Local variable 'startDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:170:	Local variable 'offsetDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:171:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/JspFunctions.java:173:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:23:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:28:	Private field 'messageSource' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:31:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:36:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:37:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:38:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:59:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:67:	Parameter 'paramName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:67:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:68:	Local variable 'values' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:70:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:72:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:79:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'getMessageKey(String,String,String)'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:79:	Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:79:	Parameter 'element' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:79:	Parameter 'parentName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:81:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:86:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'getMessage(String,String,String)'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:86:	Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:86:	Parameter 'element' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:86:	Parameter 'parentName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:88:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:89:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:90:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:90:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:91:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:93:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:101:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:101:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:101:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/admin/controller/TextEditTagController.java:101:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=207, ATFD=109, TCC=0.0015360983102918587)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:40:	Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:40:	The class 'AbstractFormController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:40:	The class 'AbstractFormController' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:40:	The class 'AbstractFormController' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:40:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:40:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:58:	Parameter 'property' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:67:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:101:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:102:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:104:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:104:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:105:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:105:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:106:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:106:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:107:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:107:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:109:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:109:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:120:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:120:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:125:	Parameter 'sessionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:126:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:128:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:128:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:129:	Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:130:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'path'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:133:	Parameter 'pageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:133:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:136:	Local variable 'fieldNameList' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:139:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:145:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:145:	Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:145:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:149:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:149:	Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:149:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:153:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:153:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:157:	Parameter 'currentPageList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:157:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:157:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:158:	Local variable 'currentPage' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:159:	Local variable 'index' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:162:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:164:	Local variable 'previousPage' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:165:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'previousPage'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:168:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:168:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:176:	Parameter 'currentPageList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:176:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:177:	Local variable 'currentPage' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:178:	Local variable 'index' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:181:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:183:	Local variable 'nextPage' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:184:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'nextPage'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:187:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:187:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:187:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:191:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:191:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:196:	Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:206:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:208:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:214:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:222:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:226:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:238:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:243:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:243:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:243:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:250:	Local variable 'pageName' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:251:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:265:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:271:	Local variable 'nextPage' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:275:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:283:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:283:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:283:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:287:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'fieldName' (lines '287'-'296').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:287:	Parameter 'fieldNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:287:	Parameter 'map' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:287:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:287:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:290:	The String literal "session" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 290
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:295:	Local variable 'fieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:296:	Local variable 'fieldValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:297:	The String literal "fieldName = {}, fieldValue = {}" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 297
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:308:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'fieldName' (lines '308'-'319').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:308:	Parameter 'fieldNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:308:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:308:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:311:	The String literal "request" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 311
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:316:	The String literal "fieldNames = {}" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 316
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:317:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '317'-'326').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:317:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:318:	Local variable 'fieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:319:	Local variable 'fieldValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:328:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'fieldName' (lines '328'-'339').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:328:	Parameter 'fieldNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:328:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:328:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:328:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:337:	Local variable 'fieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:339:	Local variable 'requestValues' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:356:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:356:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'fieldName' (lines '356'-'368').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:356:	Parameter 'fieldNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:356:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:365:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '365'-'380').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:365:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:366:	Local variable 'fieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:368:	Local variable 'requestValues' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:375:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:382:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:382:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'fieldName' (lines '382'-'392').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:382:	Parameter 'fieldNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:382:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:382:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:391:	Local variable 'fieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:405:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:405:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'dateField' (lines '405'-'413').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:405:	Parameter 'allfieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:405:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:405:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:407:	The String literal "allfieldValues" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 407
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:409:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emptyField' (lines '409'-'417').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:410:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'populatedField' (lines '410'-'419').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:410:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'populatedField' (lines '410'-'433').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:411:	Local variable 'dateFieldNames' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:412:	Local variable 'dateField' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:413:	Local variable 'fieldValues' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:414:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:414:	The String literal "fieldName = {}, fieldValues={}" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 414
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:416:	The String literal "missing mandatory field: {}" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 416
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:417:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emptyField' (lines '417'-'417').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:419:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'populatedField' (lines '419'-'419').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:419:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'populatedField' (lines '419'-'433').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:424:	Local variable 'fieldTitle' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:428:	The String literal "You must complete this section" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 428
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:438:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:438:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:439:	Local variable 'locale' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:440:	Local variable 'defaultValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:441:	Local variable 'validation' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:442:	Local variable 'enabled' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:450:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:450:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:451:	Local variable 'locale' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:452:	Local variable 'fieldTitle' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:453:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'fieldTitle'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:457:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:459:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:462:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:464:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'type' (lines '464'-'466').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:464:	Parameter 'allfieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:464:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:464:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:464:	The method 'validateField' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:464:	The method 'validateField' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:465:	Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:471:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:495:	Parameter 'allfieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:495:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:495:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:495:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:496:	The String literal "Started AbstractFormController.validateMandatoryField" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 496
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:497:	The String literal "fieldName" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 497
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:499:	Local variable 'fieldValues' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:504:	Local variable 'fieldTitle' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:508:	The String literal "Ending AbstractFormController.validateMandatoryField" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 508
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:512:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:514:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:514:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'fieldName' (lines '514'-'520').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:514:	Parameter 'allfieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:514:	Parameter 'fieldNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:514:	Parameter 'fieldTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:514:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:516:	The String literal "fieldTitle" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 516
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:519:	Local variable 'fieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:520:	Local variable 'fieldValues' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:521:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:534:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:536:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:536:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'fieldName' (lines '536'-'546').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:536:	Parameter 'allfieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:536:	Parameter 'fieldNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:536:	Parameter 'fieldTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:536:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:542:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:545:	Local variable 'fieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:546:	Local variable 'fieldValues' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:547:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:548:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:562:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:562:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:562:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'fieldName' (lines '562'-'576').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:562:	Parameter 'addressFieldNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:562:	Parameter 'allfieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:562:	Parameter 'fieldTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:562:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:569:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:573:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'populated' (lines '573'-'580').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:575:	Local variable 'fieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:576:	Local variable 'fieldValues' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:577:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:579:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:580:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'populated' (lines '580'-'580').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:584:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:595:	Parameter 'allfieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:595:	Parameter 'caseInsensitve' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:595:	Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:595:	Parameter 'firstTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:595:	Parameter 'secondName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:595:	Parameter 'secondTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:595:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:600:	Local variable 'firstFieldValues' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:601:	Local variable 'secondFieldValues' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:606:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:610:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstValuesSet' (lines '610'-'614').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:611:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondValuesSet' (lines '611'-'615').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:617:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:634:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '634'-'648').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:634:	Parameter 'allfieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:634:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:634:	Parameter 'fieldTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:634:	Parameter 'regex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:639:	Local variable 'fieldValues' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:646:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pattern' (lines '646'-'665').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:646:	Local variable 'pattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:647:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:648:	Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:648:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:649:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:649:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:658:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:669:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:671:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:672:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:675:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'fieldValue' (lines '675'-'689').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:675:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:675:	Parameter 'allfieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:675:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:675:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:680:	Local variable 'fieldValues' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:683:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:686:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'match' (lines '686'-'694').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:686:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'match' (lines '686'-'707').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:687:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mismatch' (lines '687'-'696').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:688:	Local variable 'fieldValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:689:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:689:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:694:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'match' (lines '694'-'694').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:694:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'match' (lines '694'-'707').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:696:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mismatch' (lines '696'-'696').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:701:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:709:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:709:	Parameter 'allfieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:709:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:709:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:713:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:713:	Parameter 'allfieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:713:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:713:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:718:	Local variable 'fieldValues' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:727:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:727:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:729:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:734:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:734:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '734'-'741').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:734:	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:736:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:740:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:741:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:742:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:748:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:748:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:748:	Parameter 'errorMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:748:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:748:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:752:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:756:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'attrName' (lines '756'-'775').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:756:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cookie' (lines '756'-'790').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:756:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'header' (lines '756'-'785').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:756:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paramName' (lines '756'-'768').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:756:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:756:	The method logRequest() has an NPath complexity of 240
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:756:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:762:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:762:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:765:	Local variable 'paramNames' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:767:	Local variable 'paramName' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:768:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:771:	Local variable 'attrNames' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:773:	Local variable 'attrName' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:774:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'attrValueStr' (lines '774'-'777').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:775:	Local variable 'attrValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:777:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:777:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:782:	Local variable 'headerNames' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:784:	Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:788:	Local variable 'cookies' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:789:	Local variable 'cookie' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:794:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'attrName' (lines '794'-'808').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:794:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:794:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:804:	Local variable 'attrNames' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:806:	Local variable 'attrName' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:807:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'attrValueStr' (lines '807'-'810').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:808:	Local variable 'attrValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:810:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:810:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:816:	Parameter 'collectionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:816:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:816:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:825:	Parameter 'collectionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:825:	Parameter 'create' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:825:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:832:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:835:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:836:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:842:	Avoid excessively long variable names like newFieldCollection
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:842:	Local variable 'newFieldCollection' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:844:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:847:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:855:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:855:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:855:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:862:	Parameter 'collectionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:862:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:862:	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:862:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:867:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:867:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:867:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:871:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:871:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:871:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:875:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:875:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:875:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:876:	Local variable 'object' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:878:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:882:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:886:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:886:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:893:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:893:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '893'-'903').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:893:	Parameter 'falseValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:893:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:893:	Parameter 'trueValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:893:	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:893:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:893:	The method 'getBooleanFieldValue' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:893:	The method 'getBooleanFieldValue' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:893:	The method 'getBooleanFieldValue' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:893:	The method getBooleanFieldValue() has an NPath complexity of 720
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:896:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:899:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'yes' (lines '899'-'904').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:900:	Avoid variables with short names like no
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:900:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'no' (lines '900'-'906').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:901:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'other' (lines '901'-'908').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:902:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:904:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'yes' (lines '904'-'904').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:906:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'no' (lines '906'-'906').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:907:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:908:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'other' (lines '908'-'908').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:912:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:912:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:912:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:913:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:916:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:917:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:917:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:918:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:919:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:919:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:924:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:930:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fieldCollectionList
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:930:	Parameter 'fieldCollectionList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:930:	Parameter 'idFieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:930:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:931:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '931'-'952').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:933:	Avoid excessively long variable names like existingFieldCollection
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:933:	Local variable 'existingFieldCollection' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:934:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:934:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:934:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:936:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:940:	Local variable 'idInt' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:940:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:942:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '942'-'952').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:945:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:946:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:950:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:951:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:954:	Parameter 'dateFieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:954:	Parameter 'dayFieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:954:	Parameter 'format' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:954:	Parameter 'monthFieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:954:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:954:	Parameter 'yearFieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:954:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:954:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:959:	Local variable 'day' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:960:	Local variable 'month' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:961:	Local variable 'year' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:969:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:970:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:971:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:972:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:973:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:973:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:975:	Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:975:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:976:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:980:	Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:980:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:980:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:980:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:982:	Local variable 'object' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:984:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:987:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:987:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:988:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:988:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:990:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:992:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:994:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1006:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1007:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1010:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1011:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1012:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1014:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1019:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fieldCollectionName
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1019:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'existingRecord' (lines '1,019'-'1,058').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1019:	Parameter 'fieldCollectionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1019:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1019:	Parameter 'idField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1019:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1030:	Local variable 'fieldCollection' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1034:	Local variable 'attributes' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1036:	Local variable 'record' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1040:	Local variable 'recordId' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1040:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1042:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1046:	Local variable 'newRecordId' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1048:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1049:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1051:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1052:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1055:	Avoid excessively long variable names like existingRecordFound
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1055:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'existingRecordFound' (lines '1,055'-'1,063').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1056:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1057:	Local variable 'existingRecord' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1058:	Local variable 'existingRecordId' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1058:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1059:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1061:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1062:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1069:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1070:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1077:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1085:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fieldCollectionName
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1085:	Parameter 'fieldCollectionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1085:	Parameter 'idField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1085:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1085:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1085:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1088:	Local variable 'destination' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1093:	Local variable 'editIdValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1095:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1095:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1095:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1097:	Local variable 'records' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1098:	Local variable 'record' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1103:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1111:	Parameter 'argumentName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1111:	Parameter 'argumentValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1111:	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1111:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1113:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1117:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fieldCollectionName
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1123:	Parameter 'editingPage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1123:	Parameter 'fieldCollectionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1123:	Parameter 'idField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1123:	Parameter 'idToChange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1123:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1123:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1123:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1129:	Local variable 'records' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1130:	Local variable 'record' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1134:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fieldCollectionName
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1145:	Parameter 'fieldCollectionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1145:	Parameter 'idField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1145:	Parameter 'idToDelete' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1145:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundIndex' (lines '1,150'-'1,155').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fieldCollectionList
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1151:	Local variable 'fieldCollectionList' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1153:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1162:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1174:	Parameter 'argumentName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1174:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1174:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1184:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1187:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'attrName' (lines '1,187'-'1,196').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1187:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1189:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1192:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1192:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1192:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1194:	Local variable 'attrNames' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1195:	Local variable 'attrName' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1196:	Local variable 'object' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1200:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1201:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1209:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1210:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1210:	Private field 'formErrors' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1210:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1212:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1216:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1218:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1218:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1218:	Parameter 'errorMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1218:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1218:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1222:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1226:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1230:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1230:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1230:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1231:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1233:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1238:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1238:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1238:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1239:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1241:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1246:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1246:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '1,246'-'1,252').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1246:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1246:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1248:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1251:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1253:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1260:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1260:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1260:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1261:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1265:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1266:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1266:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 19 characters appended.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1268:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1268:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1269:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1269:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1270:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1271:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1277:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1279:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_HOLDER_NAME_MAX_LENGTH
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1279:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1280:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_NUMBER_MAX_LENGTH
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1280:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1281:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_NUMBER_MIN_LENGTH
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1281:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1282:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CURRENCY_REGEX_MAX_LENGTH
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1282:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1283:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FULL_NAME_MAX_LENGTH
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1283:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1284:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1285:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NATIONALITY_MAX_LENGTH
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1285:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1286:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PHONE_NUMBER_MAX_LENGTH
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1286:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1288:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1289:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1290:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1292:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_HOLDER_NAME_REGEX
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1292:	The String literal "}$$" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,292
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1292:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1293:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_NUMBER_REGEX
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1293:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1294:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1295:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1296:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1297:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1298:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1299:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1300:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NUMBER_OR_SPACE_REGEX
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1300:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1301:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1302:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PHONE_NUMBER_REGEX
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1302:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1303:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1304:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RESTRICTED_POSTCODE_REGEX
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1304:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1305:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormController.java:1306:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:37:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:42:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:47:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:47:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:47:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:57:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:57:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AdditionalInfoController.java:57:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:25:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:25:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:30:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:35:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:40:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:40:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:45:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:45:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:45:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:50:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:50:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:50:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ApproveContoller.java:50:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:32:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:37:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:37:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:42:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:42:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:52:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:52:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BenefitsController.java:52:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:36:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:36:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:41:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:46:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:51:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:57:	Returning 'SHARED_FIELDS' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:61:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:66:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:66:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:71:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:71:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:71:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:75:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:89:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:89:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInHospitalController.java:89:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:35:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:37:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:37:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:47:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:52:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:58:	Returning 'SHARED_FIELDS' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:62:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:67:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:67:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:72:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:72:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:72:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:76:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:90:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:90:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakInRespiteCareController.java:90:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:36:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:36:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:41:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:46:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:51:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:57:	Returning 'SHARED_FIELDS' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:61:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:66:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:66:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:71:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:71:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:71:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:75:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:89:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:89:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreakSomewhereElseController.java:89:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:29:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BREAK_SOMEWHERE_ELSE_PAGE_NAME
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BREAK_IN_RESPITE_CARE_PAGE_NAME
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BREAK_IN_HOSPITAL_PAGE_NAME
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BREAK_IN_CARE_TYPE
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BREAKS_IN_HOSPITAL
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FIELD_COLLECTION_NAME
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:59:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:59:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:64:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:69:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:72:	Local variable 'moreBreaksInCare' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:77:	Local variable 'breakType' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:82:	The String literal "redirecting to breaks in care detail page: {}." appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 82
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:83:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:86:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:89:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:97:	Local variable 'breaks' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:99:	Local variable 'comparator' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:111:	Returning 'READONLY_FIELDS' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:115:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:120:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:120:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:124:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:132:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:139:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:143:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:143:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:143:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fieldCollectionFields
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:147:	Local variable 'fieldCollectionFields' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:151:	The String literal "redirect:" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 151
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:152:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fieldCollectionFields
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:161:	Local variable 'fieldCollectionFields' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:169:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:169:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:170:	Parameter 'idToChange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:171:	Parameter 'idToDelete' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:172:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:173:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:176:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:178:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:184:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:186:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:194:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:202:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fieldCollectionName
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:202:	Parameter 'fieldCollectionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:202:	Parameter 'idField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:202:	Parameter 'idToChange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:202:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:202:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:208:	Local variable 'records' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:209:	Local variable 'record' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:214:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:218:	Local variable 'breakType' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:224:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:227:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:242:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:242:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/BreaksInCareSummaryController.java:242:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:37:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:42:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:47:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:47:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:47:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:57:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:57:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareHoursController.java:57:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:26:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:28:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:28:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:38:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:43:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:43:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:48:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:48:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:48:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:58:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:58:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/CareeDetailsController.java:58:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:27:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:30:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:30:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:35:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:40:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:45:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:45:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:50:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:50:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:50:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:55:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:59:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:59:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:59:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ClaimDateController.java:59:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:37:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:42:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:47:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:47:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:47:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:57:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:57:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ConsentDeclarationController.java:57:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CARER_ADDRESS_LINE_ONE
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CARER_ADDRESS_LINE_TWO
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CARER_ADDRESS_LINE_THREE
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CARER_HOW_WE_CONTACT_YOU
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CARER_HONTACT_YOU_BY_TELEPHONE
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CARER_WANTS_EMAIL_CONTACT
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CARER_MAIL_CONFIRMATION
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:36:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:39:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:39:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:44:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:49:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:54:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:54:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:59:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:59:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:59:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:69:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:69:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ContactDetailsController.java:69:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:28:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:28:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:38:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:43:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:48:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:53:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:53:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:58:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:58:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:58:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:68:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:68:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DirectPaymentController.java:68:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:23:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:23:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:28:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:33:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:38:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:38:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:43:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:43:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:43:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:53:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:53:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:53:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/DisclaimerController.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:37:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:42:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:47:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:47:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:47:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:57:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:57:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EducationController.java:57:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:37:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:42:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:47:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:47:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:47:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:52:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:52:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EligibilityController.java:52:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:30:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:30:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:35:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:40:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:45:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:50:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:56:	Returning 'READONLY_FIELDS' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:60:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:60:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:65:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:65:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:65:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:75:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:75:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentAdditionalInfoController.java:75:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FIELD_COLLECTION_NAME
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:33:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:33:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:38:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:39:	Local variable 'employments' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:41:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:47:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:52:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:57:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:62:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:62:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:67:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:67:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:67:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:77:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:77:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentDetailsController.java:77:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:31:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:31:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:36:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:41:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:46:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:51:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:57:	Returning 'READONLY_FIELDS' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:61:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:61:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:66:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:66:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:66:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:76:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:76:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPaymentController.java:76:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:31:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:31:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:36:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:41:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:46:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:51:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:57:	Returning 'READONLY_FIELDS' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:61:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:61:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:66:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:66:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:66:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:76:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:76:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentPensionAndExpensesController.java:76:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:27:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PENSION_EXPENSES_PAGE_NAME
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAST_WAGE_PAGE_NAME
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like JON_DETAILS_PAGE_NAME
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FIELD_COLLECTION_NAME
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:49:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:49:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:54:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:59:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:60:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:64:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:67:	Local variable 'moreEmployment' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:73:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:78:	Local variable 'employments' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:80:	Local variable 'comparator' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:91:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:97:	Returning 'READONLY_FIELDS' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:105:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:105:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:108:	Local variable 'employments' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:109:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:110:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:113:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:121:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:122:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:123:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:128:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:132:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:135:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fieldCollectionFields
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:135:	Local variable 'fieldCollectionFields' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:142:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:154:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:155:	Parameter 'idToChange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:156:	Parameter 'idToDelete' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:157:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:158:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:161:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:163:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:169:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:171:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:179:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:193:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:193:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/EmploymentSummaryController.java:193:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:37:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:47:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:52:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:52:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:57:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:57:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:57:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:67:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:67:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/FosteringAllowanceController.java:67:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:37:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:42:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:47:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:47:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:52:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:52:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:52:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:62:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:62:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/HowWePayYouController.java:62:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:37:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:42:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:47:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:47:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:47:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:57:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:57:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/MaritalStatusController.java:57:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:28:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:28:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:38:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:43:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:43:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:48:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:48:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:48:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:58:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:58:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:58:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/NationalityController.java:75:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:37:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:47:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:52:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:52:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:57:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:57:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:57:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:67:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:67:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherIncomeController.java:67:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:37:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:47:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:52:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:52:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:57:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:57:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:57:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:67:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:67:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/OtherStatutoryPaymentsController.java:67:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:37:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:42:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:47:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:47:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:47:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:57:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:57:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PartnerDetailsController.java:57:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:26:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:28:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:28:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:33:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:38:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:43:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:43:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:48:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:48:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:48:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:58:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:58:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/PaymentsFromAbroadController.java:58:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:37:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:47:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:47:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:52:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:52:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:52:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:62:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:62:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedDatesController.java:62:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:37:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:47:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:52:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:52:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:57:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:57:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:57:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:67:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:67:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SelfEmployedPensionAndExpensesController.java:67:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:27:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:27:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:37:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:47:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:52:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:52:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:57:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:57:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:57:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:67:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:67:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SickPayController.java:67:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:29:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:29:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:34:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:39:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:44:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:49:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:54:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:54:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:59:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:59:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:59:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:69:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:69:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/SubmittedPageController.java:69:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:28:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:28:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:38:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:43:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:43:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:48:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:48:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:48:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:58:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:58:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/ThirdPartyController.java:58:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:28:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:28:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:33:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:38:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:39:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:42:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:47:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:47:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:52:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:52:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:52:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:56:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:56:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:56:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:56:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:70:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:70:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'field' (lines '70'-'76').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:70:	Parameter 'enabledFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:70:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:70:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:70:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourDetailsController.java:75:	Local variable 'field' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:23:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like YOUR_INCOME_DIRECTPAY
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like YOUR_INCOME_FOSTERING
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like YOUR_INCOME_PATMATADOPPAY
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like YOUR_INCOME_SICKPAY
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BEEN_SELF_EMPLOYED_SINCE1_WEEK_BEFORE_CLAIM
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HAD_OTHER_INCOME_SINCE_CLAIM_DATE
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BEEN_EMPLOYED_SINCE6_MONTHS_BEFORE_CLAIM
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like YOUR_INCOME_ANYOTHER
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:39:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:39:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:44:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:48:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:50:	Local variable 'pages' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:89:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:94:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:99:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:99:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:99:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:104:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:104:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:104:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:114:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:114:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/YourIncomeController.java:114:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like messageSourceAccessor
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:40:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:40:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:52:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:64:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:64:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:64:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:69:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:77:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:83:	Parameter 'first' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:84:	Parameter 'second' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:85:	Parameter 'third' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:86:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:87:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:91:	Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:93:	A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:98:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:111:	Parameter 'first' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:111:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:112:	Parameter 'second' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:113:	Parameter 'third' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:114:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:115:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:118:	Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:119:	A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:124:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:135:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:136:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:136:	Parameter 'parentSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:136:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:140:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:140:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:144:	Parameter 'locale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:144:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:145:	Local variable 'propertiesHolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:147:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:149:	Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:159:	Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/defaultcontoller/DefaultFormController.java:159:	Parameter 'locale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:30:	Parameter 'messageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:30:	Parameter 'sessionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:35:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:50:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:50:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:56:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:56:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:56:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:66:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:66:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/started/PreviewController.java:66:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:3:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:4:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:4:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:4:	Private field 'id' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:4:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:5:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:5:	Private field 'label' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:5:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:6:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:6:	Private field 'hintBefore' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:7:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:7:	Private field 'hintAfter' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:10:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:10:	Parameter 'hintAfter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:10:	Parameter 'hintBefore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:10:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:10:	Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:10:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:24:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:27:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:27:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 58 characters appended.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:29:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:29:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:30:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:30:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:31:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:32:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:33:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:34:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:35:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/AbstractQuestion.java:36:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:7:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:7:	Private field 'pages' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:16:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:18:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:18:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:19:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:19:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:20:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:21:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:26:	Avoid short class names like Page
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:26:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:43:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:44:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:45:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:46:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:47:	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:49:	Parameter 'question' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:54:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:54:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 68 characters appended.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:56:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:56:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:57:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:57:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:58:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:59:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:60:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:61:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:62:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/FormData.java:63:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:8:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:8:	Parameter 'hintAfter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:8:	Parameter 'hintBefore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:8:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:8:	Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:8:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:13:	Parameter 'hintAfter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:13:	Parameter 'hintBefore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:13:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:13:	Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:13:	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:18:	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:20:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:24:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:27:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:28:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/MultiValuedQuestion.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/Question.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:7:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:7:	Private field 'yes' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:8:	Avoid variables with short names like no
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:8:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:8:	Private field 'no' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:10:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:10:	Avoid variables with short names like no
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:10:	Parameter 'hintAfter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:10:	Parameter 'hintBefore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:10:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:10:	Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:10:	Parameter 'no' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:10:	Parameter 'yes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/data/YesNoQuestion.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:14:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:17:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:20:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:20:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'name' (lines '20'-'29').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:20:	Parameter 'allFieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:20:	Parameter 'fieldNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:23:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:27:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fieldValues' (lines '27'-'40').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:28:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:29:	Local variable 'values' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:32:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:35:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:42:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'map' (lines '42'-'45').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:42:	Parameter 'idFieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:42:	Parameter 'idFieldValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:42:	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:44:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:46:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:53:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'field' (lines '53'-'61').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:53:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'fields' (lines '53'-'60').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:53:	Parameter 'fieldArrays' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:55:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:58:	Local variable 'fieldSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:59:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:60:	Local variable 'field' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:65:	Local variable 'allFields' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:66:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'allFields'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:75:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:75:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:76:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:76:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:78:	Parameter 'compareFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:82:	Parameter 'compareFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:82:	Parameter 'reverse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:98:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'fieldName' (lines '98'-'109').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:98:	Parameter 'first' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:98:	Parameter 'second' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '99'-'102').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '99'-'104').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '99'-'106').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '99'-'113').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:101:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:108:	Local variable 'fieldName' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:109:	Local variable 'firstValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:110:	Local variable 'secondValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:111:	Local variable 'compareResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:120:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:130:	Parameter 'first' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:130:	Parameter 'second' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:131:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:132:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:136:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldCollection.java:141:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:6:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:8:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:10:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:16:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:16:	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:16:	The user-supplied array 'values' is stored directly.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:22:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:25:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:33:	Returning 'values' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:37:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:39:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:39:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:51:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/FieldValue.java:53:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:12:	Private field 'fieldName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:13:	Private field 'fieldValues' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:15:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:15:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:15:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:15:	The user-supplied array 'fieldValues' is stored directly.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:22:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:22:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:22:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:22:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:22:	The user-supplied array 'fieldValues' is stored directly.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:29:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:29:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:29:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:29:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:29:	The user-supplied array 'fieldValues' is stored directly.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:36:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:36:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:36:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:36:	The user-supplied array 'fieldValues' is stored directly.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:44:	Returning 'fieldValues' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/IllegalFieldValueException.java:49:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'superGetMessage' (lines '49'-'52').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:6:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:6:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:6:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:6:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:11:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:11:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:11:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:11:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:15:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:15:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:15:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:15:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:19:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:19:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:19:	Parameter 'fieldValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/InconsistentFieldValuesException.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/MultipleValuesException.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/MultipleValuesException.java:6:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/MultipleValuesException.java:10:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/MultipleValuesException.java:10:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/MultipleValuesException.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/MultipleValuesException.java:14:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/MultipleValuesException.java:14:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/MultipleValuesException.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/MultipleValuesException.java:18:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/MultipleValuesException.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/NoSessionException.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/NoSessionException.java:6:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/NoSessionException.java:10:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/NoSessionException.java:10:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/NoSessionException.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/NoSessionException.java:14:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/NoSessionException.java:14:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/NoSessionException.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/NoSessionException.java:18:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/NoSessionException.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:13:	Private field 'sessions' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:19:	Parameter 'sessionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:21:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:24:	Parameter 'create' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:24:	Parameter 'sessionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:28:	Avoid instantiation through private constructors from outside of the constructors class.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:38:	Parameter 'sessionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:43:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:49:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:49:	Parameter 'sessionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:65:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:74:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:74:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 25 characters appended.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:76:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:76:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:77:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:77:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:78:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:79:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/SessionManager.java:80:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/UnknownRecordException.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/UnknownRecordException.java:6:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/UnknownRecordException.java:10:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/UnknownRecordException.java:10:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/UnknownRecordException.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/UnknownRecordException.java:14:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/UnknownRecordException.java:14:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/UnknownRecordException.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/UnknownRecordException.java:18:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/session/UnknownRecordException.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:8:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:9:	Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:13:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '13'-'22').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:13:	Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:15:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:19:	Local variable 'newCollection' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:23:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:29:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:30:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:34:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:35:	Local variable 'values' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:36:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:37:	Local variable 'newSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:39:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/CollectionUtils.java:40:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/KeyValueList.java:13:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/KeyValueList.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/KeyValueList.java:13:	No abstract method which means that the keyword is most likely used to prevent instantiation. Use a private or protected constructor instead.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:7:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:8:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:11:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:11:	Private field 'object' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:13:	Parameter 'object' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:19:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:23:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:24:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:30:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'object' (lines '30'-'33').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:30:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:31:	Local variable 'objects' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:32:	Local variable 'object' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:33:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:34:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:34:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/LoggingObjectWrapper.java:35:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:15:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:25:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:25:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:25:	Parameter 'names' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:27:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:29:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:34:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:39:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:49:	Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:49:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:51:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:56:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:57:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:68:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:68:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:68:	Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:78:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:79:	Local variable 'argClass' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:86:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:87:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:100:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:100:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/Parameters.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/ClaimXmlUtil.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/ClaimXmlUtil.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/ClaimXmlUtil.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/ClaimXmlUtil.java:7:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/ClaimXmlUtil.java:47:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/ClaimXmlUtil.java:64:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/ClaimXmlUtil.java:71:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/ClaimXmlUtil.java:97:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/ClaimXmlUtil.java:104:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/ClaimXmlUtil.java:145:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/ClaimXmlUtil.java:150:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/ClaimXmlUtil.java:155:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/ClaimXmlUtil.java:156:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:14:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like KEYSTORE_SYSTEM_KEY
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:20:	Private field 'xmlSignature' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:22:	Parameter 'keystoreLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:27:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:30:	Local variable 'transactionIds' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:34:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:38:	Local variable 'transactionId' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:39:	Local variable 'signedXml' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like newFilenameElement
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:44:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:44:	Parameter 'newFilenameElement' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:46:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:49:	Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:51:	Local variable 'pos' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:51:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:53:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:59:	Local variable 'newFilename' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:60:	Local variable 'newFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:65:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'file' (lines '65'-'81').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:65:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:66:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:70:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'files' (lines '73'-'75').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:75:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'files' (lines '75'-'75').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:79:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'claimUtils' (lines '79'-'87').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:79:	Local variable 'claimUtils' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:80:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:81:	Local variable 'xml' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:82:	Local variable 'signedXml' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:83:	Local variable 'outputFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/SignXml.java:86:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:16:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like KEYSTORE_SYSTEM_KEY
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:23:	Private field 'xmlSignature' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:25:	Parameter 'keystoreLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:30:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:31:	Local variable 'valid' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:32:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'valid'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:35:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'file' (lines '35'-'51').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:35:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:36:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:40:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:43:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'files' (lines '43'-'45').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:45:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:45:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'files' (lines '45'-'45').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:49:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'claimUtils' (lines '49'-'56').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:49:	Local variable 'claimUtils' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:50:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:51:	Local variable 'xml' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:52:	Local variable 'valid' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:53:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/VerifyXmlSignature.java:55:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:27:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:28:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:32:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like includeXmlDeclaration
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:33:	Parameter 'includeXmlDeclaration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:33:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:35:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:36:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like includeXmlDeclaration
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:38:	Parameter 'includeXmlDeclaration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:38:	Parameter 'prettyPrint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:38:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:47:	Local variable 'registry' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:48:	Local variable 'impl' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:49:	Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:54:	Local variable 'output' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:55:	Local variable 'stringWriter' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:58:	Local variable 'xmlStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:62:	Local variable 'exception' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:66:	Local variable 'exception' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:70:	Local variable 'exception' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:76:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:80:	Local variable 'registry' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:81:	Local variable 'impl' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:82:	Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:83:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:84:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:87:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:90:	Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:91:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'doc'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:93:	Local variable 'exception' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:97:	Local variable 'exception' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:101:	Local variable 'exception' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like includeXmlDeclaration
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:107:	Parameter 'includeXmlDeclaration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:107:	Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:107:	Parameter 'prettyPrint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:110:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:111:	Local variable 'xml' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:112:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'xml'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:115:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:118:	Do not use the short type
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:118:	Parameter 'elementArg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:123:	Do not use the short type
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:123:	Parameter 'nodeArg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:123:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:125:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:129:	Local variable 'textNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:130:	Local variable 'wholeText' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:131:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:133:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:140:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:160:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:160:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:160:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:161:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:163:	Local variable 'filename' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:168:	Local variable 'rawXml' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:169:	Local variable 'prettyXml' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:170:	Local variable 'flatXml' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:171:	Local variable 'flattenedXml' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:173:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:174:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:175:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:176:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:178:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:179:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:180:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:181:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:183:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:184:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:185:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:186:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:188:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:189:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:190:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:191:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:194:	System.err.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:195:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:197:	System.err.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:198:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlPrettyPrinter.java:201:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:35:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:35:	Parameter 'schemas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:40:	Local variable 'schemaFactory' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:50:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:53:	Local variable 'validator' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:54:	Local variable 'errorHandler' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:58:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:61:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:69:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:70:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:70:	Private field 'fatalErrors' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:70:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:71:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:71:	Private field 'errors' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:71:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:72:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:72:	Private field 'warnings' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:72:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:74:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:84:	Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:88:	Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:92:	Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:101:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:102:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:104:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:105:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:106:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:106:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:110:	Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:111:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:113:	Local variable 'xmlSchemaFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:114:	Local variable 'dcSchemaFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:115:	Local variable 'oaiDcSchemaFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:117:	Local variable 'xmlFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:118:	Local variable 'xmlSchema' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:119:	Local variable 'dcSchema' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:120:	Local variable 'oaiDcSchema' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:123:	Local variable 'xmlValidator' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:124:	Local variable 'errors' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:125:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'errors'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:128:	Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:128:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:129:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:131:	Local variable 'modsSchemaFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:132:	Local variable 'xlinkSchemaFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:133:	Local variable 'xmlSchemaFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:135:	Local variable 'xmlFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:136:	Local variable 'modsSchema' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:137:	Local variable 'xlinkSchema' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:138:	Local variable 'xmlSchema' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:141:	Local variable 'xmlValidator' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:142:	Local variable 'errors' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:143:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'errors'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:146:	Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:146:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:147:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:149:	Local variable 'marcSchemaFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:151:	Local variable 'xmlFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:152:	Local variable 'marcSchema' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:155:	Local variable 'xmlValidator' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:156:	Local variable 'errors' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:157:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'errors'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:160:	Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:160:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:161:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:163:	Local variable 'oaiMarcSchemaFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:165:	Local variable 'xmlFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:166:	Local variable 'oaiMarcSchema' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:169:	Local variable 'xmlValidator' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:170:	Local variable 'errors' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:171:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'errors'
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:174:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '174'-'189').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:174:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'fatalError' (lines '174'-'181').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:174:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'warning' (lines '174'-'197').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:174:	Parameter 'errors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:176:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:178:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:179:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:180:	Local variable 'fatalError' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:181:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:183:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:186:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:187:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:188:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:189:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:191:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:194:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:195:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:196:	Local variable 'warning' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:197:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:199:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:204:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:204:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:205:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:207:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:209:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:211:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:213:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:215:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/utils/xml/XmlValidator.java:219:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:5:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:5:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:5:	Private field 'id' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:5:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:6:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:6:	Private field 'displayName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:7:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:7:	Private field 'errorMessage' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:9:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:9:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:9:	Parameter 'errorMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:9:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:20:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:20:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 42 characters appended.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:22:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:22:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:23:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:23:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:24:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:25:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:26:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/FormValidationError.java:27:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/ValidationError.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/ValidationError.java:4:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/ValidationError.java:4:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/ValidationError.java:5:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/ValidationError.java:5:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/ValidationError.java:6:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/validations/ValidationError.java:6:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:22:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:34:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:36:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:38:	Perhaps 'docFactory' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:38:	Private field 'docFactory' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:39:	Private field 'docBuilder' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:40:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'encryptionXPaths'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:40:	Perhaps 'encryptionXPaths' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:40:	Private field 'encryptionXPaths' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:49:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:49:	Parameter 'ignoreIfEmpty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:49:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:49:	Parameter 'tagName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:49:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:51:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:56:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:56:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:56:	Parameter 'tagName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:56:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:59:	Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:62:	Local variable 'textNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:69:	Parameter 'attributeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:69:	Parameter 'attributeValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:69:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:69:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:69:	Parameter 'tagName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:70:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:70:	Local variable 'attributes' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:75:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '75'-'80').
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:75:	Parameter 'attributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:75:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:75:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:75:	Parameter 'tagName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:77:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:79:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:87:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'parameters'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:87:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:87:	Parameter 'parameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:91:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:91:	Parameter 'parameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:91:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:91:	Parameter 'questionAnswer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:91:	Parameter 'questionLabelKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:91:	Parameter 'tagName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:94:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:101:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:102:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:111:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'addressObj'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:111:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'questionLabelKey'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:111:	Parameter 'addressObj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:111:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:111:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:111:	Parameter 'questionLabelKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:111:	Parameter 'tagName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:112:	Local variable 'addressNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:122:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'addressObj'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:122:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'document'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:122:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'parent'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:122:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'questionLabelKey'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:122:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'tagName'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:122:	Parameter 'addressObj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:122:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:122:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:122:	Parameter 'questionLabelKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:122:	Parameter 'tagName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:126:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:126:	Parameter 'claimVersion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:126:	Parameter 'language' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:126:	Parameter 'origin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:126:	Parameter 'schemaLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:126:	Parameter 'transactionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:126:	Parameter 'version' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:126:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:126:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:128:	Local variable 'document' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:129:	Local variable 'dwpBody' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:140:	Local variable 'dwpCaTransaction' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:142:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:149:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:149:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:149:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:150:	Local variable 'dwpCaClaim' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:152:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:154:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:155:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:156:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:158:	The String literal "<answer>" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 158
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:158:	The String literal "<label>" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 158
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:180:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'claim'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:180:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:180:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:180:	Parameter 'dwpCaClaim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:181:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:201:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'claim'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:201:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:201:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:201:	Parameter 'dwpCaClaim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:202:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:222:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'claim'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:222:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:222:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:222:	Parameter 'dwpCaClaim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:223:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:227:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:242:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'claim'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:242:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:242:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:242:	Parameter 'dwpCaClaim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:243:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:255:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:261:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:262:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:263:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:269:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'claim'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:269:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:269:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:269:	Parameter 'dwpCaClaim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:270:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:272:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:273:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:283:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:293:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'claim'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:293:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:293:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:293:	Parameter 'dwpCaClaim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:294:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:296:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:297:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:298:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:302:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:303:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:304:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:305:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:307:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:308:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:309:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:311:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:313:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:319:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'claim'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:319:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:319:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:319:	Parameter 'dwpCaClaim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:320:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:322:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:325:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:326:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:327:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:328:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:329:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:336:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'claim'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:336:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:336:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:336:	Parameter 'dwpCaClaim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:337:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:339:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:345:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:346:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:355:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'claim'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:355:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:355:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:355:	Parameter 'dwpCaClaim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:356:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:358:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:360:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:361:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:367:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'claim'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:367:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:367:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:367:	Parameter 'dwpCaClaim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:368:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:370:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:376:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:384:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:391:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'claim'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:391:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:391:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:391:	Parameter 'dwpCaClaim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:392:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:394:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:402:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:412:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'claim'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:412:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:412:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:412:	Parameter 'dwpCaClaim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:413:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:418:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'claim'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:418:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:418:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:418:	Parameter 'dwpCaClaim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:419:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:424:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'claim'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:424:	Parameter 'claim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:424:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:424:	Parameter 'dwpCaClaim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/ClaimXml.java:425:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/FieldNameMap.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FIELDNAME_MAP_FILE
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/FieldNameMap.java:10:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'FIELDNAME_MAP_FILE'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/FieldNameMap.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/FieldNameMap.java:11:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'nameMap'.
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/FieldNameMap.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/FieldNameMap.java:13:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/FieldNameMap.java:13:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/xml/FieldNameMap.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:13:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:17:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:22:	Local variable 'dir' could be declared final
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:23:	Local variable 'packageRoot' could be declared final
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:26:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:26:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:27:	Local variable 'errors' could be declared final
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:33:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'dir'.
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:33:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'errors'.
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:33:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'fields'.
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:33:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'packageName'.
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:33:	Parameter 'dir' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:33:	Parameter 'errors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:33:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:33:	Parameter 'packageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:34:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:47:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:54:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:55:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:56:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:59:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:61:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:66:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/uk/gov/dwp/carersallowance/controller/AbstractFormControllerTest.java:67:	Comment is too large: Line too long
